Is
welcome to this part of the course on communication and presentation in this section I'll be sharing
with you my experiences of being a data center.
So I'll tell you about how I communicate with people how I would across different departments what I
think of when you how you need to say no to people I'll give you my tips and hacks I'm presenting I'll
give you case studies and it all be coming from experience so I would like to make sure that we're on
the same page here that these things are going to be talking about are basically what I have been through
.
They're not hard written facts or they're not set in stone rules.
But basically the way I see things my philosophy around science.
So how many take them with a grain of salt maybe just to be cautious of that.
That's your experiences.
Eventually might be different.
But I thought it'd be fun to share what I've been through as a scientist.
And another thing is that we're just going to have a casual style Territorials because these are not
technical or anything.
We're going to take a break from being very technical with all the tools that we learned and all the
skill that we've really picked up in this course.
So we're just going to sit back and chat like this and I'll I'll show some my experiences here.
So grab a coffee grab grab a cup of tea and let's kick this off.